um it's me marzipan and I know it's been
a while since I haven't made a video um
a lot of things have happened and yeah I
mean this is no excuse but I just wanted
to show you guys the limited edition 3ds
Super Smash Bros edition that just came
out today and you know just to show you
guys and pretty much just to show
YouTube as well so um I haven't looked
at it I haven't really just came back
from the store I saw the guy take it out
put in the back that was it so first
impressions here we go people would be
saying why didn't you get the VDS X and
I'm just like you know I'm not that
heavy on gaming I'm just a pretty casual
gamer so I just I just wanted to get
something new for Super Smash and I want
to get Excel for smash and what better
way to get an X element to get the
limited edition one people said that um
the the red one is an exclusive but I
saw a lot of people getting red and I
didn't actually see a lot of Blues at my
Game Stop so I decided to get blue
because why not let's just let's just
get out of the norm so this is one in
blue we could obviously see from the box
you have a display of what is inside the
item Super Smash Bros blue Edition a new
dimension and entertainment guess I'm in
the back some of the apps comes with
standard stuff standard stuff guys um so
yeah let's open this up is it taped Oh
nope not taped
I haven't bought a 3ds and so long I
bought the the standard dds years ago so
let's just go over this first week in
anticipation Club Nintendo card but I'm
pretty standardized stuff got your AR
cards
got the QuickStart guide blah de blah
blah blah the manual I don't think it's
anything else enhancer yes except never
had next up this is really no we have
the AC adapter obviously goes out to the
side and I think that's it I'm so
excited I am so excited not even a joke
pulling it out here we go wow that looks
good that looks good
so people were right it does have a
glossy finish compared to that standard
matte finish on your normal 3dsxl well
that shined the light shining on it so
let's do a little just do a little 360
motion here so you can clearly see
that's clear you got the Super Smash
Bros little logo right there Excel 3ds
XL got your get your sweat and your
stylus yes D slot which I heard comes
with 4 gig cuz mine came with 2 gig yeah
that's that's a four gig that's
interesting Wow just look really nice
and blue and let's see when we open it
oh yeah matte finish inside whoo I don't
even know if I should be playing Super
Smash on this no but it's definitely
nice feels great
actually yeah so um yeah that's pretty
much as you can see in the front you
have your regular super smash characters
that you normally would see some
veterans and um obviously you have some
newcomers that they added into it you
have villagers little mac and Rosalina I
believe that's your name
and yeah very nice finish it's very
smooth I don't know if it would scratch
and like glue in the art but it's
definitely nice it's definitely worth it
in my opinion so um yeah that was the
Super Smash Bros 3ds so limited edition
in blue so uh thanks guys for watching
leave like thumbs up comments any
questions and I'll be glad to answer
them oh yeah this does not come
pre-installed with the what's the game
but the demo does come out today so
definitely replaying it on that so but